[DEVX-1605] Update docs to add preExec support (#1151)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/web-apps/automated-testing/playwright/yaml.md

```yaml
  timeout: 15m
```

### `preExec`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING/ARRAY |</small></p>

> Specifies which commands needs to be executes before the tests are actually started. The commands are executed from the root director of your project.
> 
> :::note
> There is a 300sec limit for all preExec commands to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies which commands needs to be executed before the tests are actually started. The commands are executed from the root directory of your project.

:::note
There is a 300-second limit for all `preExec` commands to complete.
```
